# DATA

***This directory contains all data (original experiment data and cleaned and processed data files) for the results reported in the manuscript.***

Below is an overview of where to find relevant files.

## In this directory

### Processed experiment and survey data

`data_processed.csv`:
- Single file containing participant responses to the combined assessment and the post-experiment survey items.
- This file is generated by a processing script in the root `/analysis` directory (`/analysis/data_processing.R`) which reads in the raw experiment and survey data files (see below) and outputs the cleaned and processed data to CSV.
- **This file is the basis for all analyses and results presented in the manuscript**: see the scripts in the `/analysis` directory for more details about how the raw data is cleaned and processed and how this data is subsequently analyzed.


### Raw experiment data

`/experiment`:
- Files containing responses to the combined assessment administered to participants in both the University and demographically representative sample.
- Each of these files contains a different batch of participant data collected over several iterations.
- Within each file, each row represents a response to a single question or item given by an individual participant.


### Post-experiment survey

`/survey`:
- Files containing responses to the post-experiment survey administered to participants in both the University and demographically representative sample.
- Each of these files contains a different batch of participant data collected over several iterations.
- Within each file, each row represents an individual participant's responses to all the survey items on a particular page (for example, those pertaining to prior mathematics education).
